[20497] Add related versions table (#652)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/notes/notes.rst

9. Set 2.11.x as EOL

.. note::

    When upgrading to version 2.13.3 it is **advisable** to regenerate generated source from IDL files
    using `Fast DDS-Gen v3.2.1 <https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-Gen/releases/tag/v3.2.1>`_.

.. seealso::

>     For further information about other products versions related to this version, please check the

Reviewer: Apply everywhere
```suggestion
    For further information about the corresponding versions of other products this Fast DDS version, please refer to the
```

  When upgrading to version 2.13.2 it is **advisable** to regenerate generated source from IDL files
   using `Fast DDS-Gen v3.2.1 <https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-Gen/releases/tag/v3.2.1>`_.

.. seealso::
  For further information about this version dependencies and other products related versions, please check the Fast

>   DDS :ref:`related_versions` section.

Reviewer 2: If the suggestion  about the name of the `related_versions` section is applied, please change also here. Moreover, if we change the name we can refer directly to the specific section inside the page, i.e. `Build time dependencies`
